**Preview**
For my preview, I tried to set the general outline of what my poster will end up looking like. With the background color selected, my plan so far is to have a line of the hexagonal honeycomb pattern snake across the poster back-and-forth all the way down like an “S” with a series of foods that will be at risk if bees populations keep diminishing. I am not sure whether to have an outline for the honeycomb pattern or if the color is exactly what I want yet but the beginnings of the honeycomb pattern are present; I drew a single hexagon using the paintbrush tool and holding down the shift key to make straight lines and then copy-and-pasted to assemble a pattern. The first image, the blueberry image, is about the size that I plan for the foods to be; all the foods will be colored in and opaque in the way that only the blueberry is currently.

One of the problems I am already having is the fact that when I used the bucket fill tool to color in the blueberry, parts of the thick black outline get covered up so that the black outline left at the end is much thinner than it was originally. I’m not too sure what all the settings for the bucket fill tool do however, so hopefully I’ll be able to figure out how to limit this. Speaking of outline thickness, the next step for me I think is to figure out how to increase/decrease the thickness of the black line art for the different drawings of food products so that it is uniform because right now, some are much thicker than others. I am also still thinking of the slogan and font I want to have in writing. I am thinking of something along the lines of “Bees are essential for the cultivation of hundreds of crops. What could you live without?”
